Basically gnorp in space.


Backstory:
  You discover a crystal planet in space. You notice it releases valuable gems, used for fuel in this world.
  You decide to collect the gems, you discorver firing weapons at the planet causes it to release more gems. You decide to build a mining ship and start collecting the gems.
  You crash land next to the planet and find yourself stranded. You must now repair your ship and gather enough gems to fuel it for your escape. However, the planet is not without its dangers. You encounter hostile alien creatures that guard the gems, and you must find a way to defend yourself while continuing your mining operations.
  Perhaps an intro where you can decide to engage the weapons to get gems, it should eventually be force to do it but could be a little comical intro where you think you can avoid it.


  Prestige is a timeloop, you prestige and a black hole appears from the planet which explodes and sucks everything in.
  So prestige resets everything because of the black hole, and you have to start over, but with the knowledge of your previous attempts. Each time you prestige, the challenges become more difficult, and the alien creatures become more aggressive. You must strategize and adapt to survive and collect enough gems to escape the planet.

  everytime you try to harvest the planet core, it explodes into a black hole. 
  At the final prestige and when you finally have the knowledge and resources to escape.
  You activate the warp drive and escape, the gems power the warp drive alling you to escape.


Passivist achivement: 
  If you just never attack the planet you can unlock the "pacifist" achivement.
  Its mostly a gag and fun but after a while being just afk and not attacking the planet will help you and you can escape without ever having to fight the alien creatures. However, this will take a lot longer and you will have to be patient.

 

  Instead of compression in gnorp or objectives we have now. we could base the core shards on how much damage you do to the planet.
  based on a certain damage we could trigger a rupture/crack in the planet spewing gems and a core shard.
  this means that if you have more prestige points you can get more core shards. Perhaps a special event for like the last core shard or something else, like the planet is fully mined out? not sure

  First layer of the planet should be like a shield or something you break first, before any rupture/crack.



Prestige:
 When resettings the prestige tree resets but you keep prestige points.
 Prestige points are awwarded at certain milestones such as collecting a certain number of gems / min or something.
 Talent tree after prestige is pressed and you plot your points, and reset.
 prestige points are very powerful and should combo with each other to make a "build"

 Prestige should be called like "extract core", which will be like an attempt to harvest/extract the core of the planet, which will result in a black hole and reset everything.
 Prestige point system should be looked at. reaching a certain amount of gems/minute over a minute should give you a point, we could add an animation that the planet cracks a little bit and releases some gems and a prestige point thingy you need to collect.
  - Note, perhaps we do the core shard thing here with the crack etc instead of prestige. still not decided.


talent ideas:
 - A powerful clicking/gravity well talent that disables all harvesters and shipyard. Meant for a clicker playstyle/build. This talent would allow players to focus on clicking and collecting gems without worrying about managing harvesters or shipyard operations.
 - A talent that gives laser a 5% chance per proc to trigger rockets. and 1% to trigger the railgun.



 Replace talents:
  Matter Compression
  Weaponized Compression
  Project Constellation
  Singularity Collapse, remove or buff
  Cargo Catapult, fun idea but totally busted right now.

